Filecoin Pin docs: update landing page and add dApp demo and github action example (#2425)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: builder-cookbook/filecoin-pin/README.md

---

> description: Learn about Filecoin Pin for easy storage in Filecoin with retrieval using standard IPFS Mainnet tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Filecoin Pin for easy storage in Filecoin with retrieval using standard IPFS tooling.
```
AFAIK people never really took to the "IPFS Mainnet" framing / terminology?

---
description: Pin IPFS content to Filecoin using familiar IPFS tools and workflows.
---

# Filecoin Pin

## Status

> Filecoin Pin is currently **alpha software** running on Filecoin Calibration testnet. As of 2025-10-15, It is not recommended for production use yet, but it is undergoing active development and will be ready for production later in 2025Q4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filecoin Pin is currently **alpha software** running on the Filecoin Calibration testnet. As of 2025-10-15, it is undergoing active development and not yet recommended for production use. Please register for updates and GA announcement at [filecoin.cloud](https://www.filecoin.cloud/).
```
